Docs/kcp changelog (#694)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

- Upgraded the project to be compatible with `2018.3.2f1`.
- Upgraded the entities package to `0.0.12-preview.21`
- Disabled protocol logging on Linux workers to prevent crashes. This will be reverted once the underlying issue is fixed.

> - MobileWorkerConnector now uses KCP connection type by default. `mobile_launch.json` config changed to use V2 bridge template to support KCP connection.

Reviewer: split it out into two changes:
```
- Changed the `MobileWorkerConnector` to use the KCP network protocol.
- Changed `mobile_launch.json` to use the new Runtime.
```

- Upgraded the project to be compatible with `2018.3.2f1`.
- Upgraded the entities package to `0.0.12-preview.21`
- Disabled protocol logging on Linux workers to prevent crashes. This will be reverted once the underlying issue is fixed.

> - MobileWorkerConnector now uses KCP connection type by default.

Reviewer: I really like to start the changelog with a verb to be consistent with the rest of the changelog :)

```suggestion
- Updated the `MobileWorkerConnector` to use the KCP network protocol by default.
```

> - Changed `mobile_launch.json` config to use new runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed the `mobile_launch.json` config to use the new Runtime.
```

OR 
```suggestion
- Changed `mobile_launch.json` to use the new Runtime.
```

need to add articles where necessary and according to Laura Runtime needs to be capitalized.
